Improve guidelines (#926)
commercetools/test-data: docs/guidelines/writing-changesets.md

Reviewer: Do you have a specific template you would like used for adding a new preset?

Author: I've added an example in this commit: Updated here: f4f5bbf9ab378f6b515a97b9e2a087485c49247f

I've also added a new small section to the document with the key info we should be including in the changesets (in this commit: 22e8b47edae66b34dcd19543534bb5930975940b)

# Writing changesets

> In this repository we use the [changeset](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) package to manage releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this repository we use the [changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) package to manage releases.
```

Author: Updated here: f4f5bbf9ab378f6b515a97b9e2a087485c49247f

> Using this tool helps with the process of figuring out which changes should be included in each new release and what version type we should use (_major_, _minor_ or _patch_).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using this tool helps with the process of keeping track of which changes will be included in each new release and what version type we should use (_major_, _minor_ or _patch_).
```

Author: Updated here: f4f5bbf9ab378f6b515a97b9e2a087485c49247f

It relies on the existance of changeset files which describe the changes we make in the repository.

Every PR we create to update or add something to the chapter (unless for internal purposes) should include a file describing what has been modified.

We should be using this command to generate such a file:

```
pnpm changeset
```

That command will guide you with some questions to provide the necessary information.

> When actually writing the contents of the change description, please think about the consumers of this library. We need to provide clear information so they can understand what happened and, most importantly, what they need to do about it now or in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When actually writing the contents of the change description, please think about the consumers of this library. We need to provide clear information. This informs them what has changed and most importantly, if they need to make a change on their end now or later.
```

Author: Updated here: f4f5bbf9ab378f6b515a97b9e2a087485c49247f
